PieChart: describe Pie with Custom Styles demo (#2507)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/PieWithCustomStyles/description.md

> This demo shows how to implement custom patterns and gradients in the PieChart component points.

Reviewer: I would simplify this. On the one hand, this sentence describes an obvious thing that people already see. They know what the demo is about. On the other hand, we should probably keep this sentence for SEO purposes (we should leave a few keywords that will allow people to find this demo in Google). 

But I want to reduce the number of verbs ( shows how to implement -> enables ). 

And I want to use less technical and more "human-readable" terms. Like I would say "pie slice" instead of "component point". 

```suggestion
This enables custom patterns and gradients in PieChart slices.
```

## Gradient

> Call the [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to obtain a gradient id. Specify method arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to obtain a gradient ID. Specify method arguments:
```

- `type`    
This method supports two gradient types: *'linear'* and *'radial'*.

- `options`    
An object with gradient options.

    - `colors`    
    An array of gradient colors. Each color is an object that includes `color` and `offset` fields. The `offset` field specifies a starting point for each color.

    - `rotationAngle` (linear gradients only)
    You can use this option to rotate linear gradients.

> ## Pattern

Reviewer: Maybe we need to add a sentence in the beginning that makes the connection between this section and what they see in the control: 

```suggestion
## Pattern

This demo uses patterns for two pie slices: Grid and Stripes. 
```

> To acquire a pattern id, implement the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) method. Specify method arguments:

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, they don't need to "implement" the method. They only need to call it. 

```suggestion
To acquire a pattern ID, call the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) method. Specify method arguments:
```

- `options`    
An object with pattern options.

    - `height`    

>     Individual pattern height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Template height.
```

    - `width`    

>     Individual pattern width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Template width.
```

    - `template`    

>     An SVG-based pattern template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An SVG-based template that repeats and thus creates the required pattern.
```

## Fill the PieChart

> If you want to fill all pies with your pattern or gradient, assign the obtained id to the `fillId` field of the [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/).[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/#color) property. If you want to customize each pie individually, implement the [customizePoint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#customizePoint) function as shown in this demo.

Reviewer: Again, I assume that when you say "pies" you actually mean "slices"? 

```suggestion
If you want to fill all slices with the same pattern or gradient, assign pattern ID to [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/).[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/#color).`fillId`. If you want to customize each slice individually, implement the [customizePoint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#customizePoint) function as shown in this demo.
```

> The custom patterns and gradients fill is not exclusive to PieChart only. The following components support this functionality as well:

Reviewer: Mostly editing because of the article in the beginning (we can skip the article with the plural here, because we kind of talk about "all the various kinds", not referring to a specific list). 

Also, the phrase "patterns and gradients fill" has something weird going on with plural and singular combination. 

```suggestion
Custom patterns and gradients are not exclusive to PieChart only. The following components support this functionality as well:
```

> This enables custom patterns and gradients in PieChart slices.

Author: ```suggestion
This demo enables custom patterns and gradients in PieChart slices.
```

## Gradient

> Call the [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to obtain a gradient ID. Specify method arguments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Call the [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to obtain the gradient ID. Specify method arguments:
```

- `type`    
This method supports two gradient types: *'linear'* and *'radial'*.

- `options`    
An object with gradient options.

    - `colors`    

>     An array of gradient colors. Each color is an object that includes `color` and `offset` fields. The `offset` field specifies a starting point for each color.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    An array of gradient colors. Each color is an object that includes `color` and `offset` fields. The `offset` field specifies the starting point for each color.
```

    - `rotationAngle` (linear gradients only)
    You can use this option to rotate linear gradients.

## Pattern

This demo uses patterns for two pie slices: Grid and Stripes. 

> To acquire a pattern ID, call the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) method. Specify method arguments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the pattern ID, call the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) method. Specify method arguments:
```

- `options`    
An object with pattern options.

    - `height`    
    Template height.

    - `width`    
    Template width.

    - `template`    
    An SVG-based template that repeats and thus creates the required pattern.

## Fill the PieChart

> If you want to fill all slices with the same pattern or gradient, assign pattern ID to [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/).[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/#color).`fillId`. If you want to customize each slice individually, implement the [customizePoint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#customizePoint) function as shown in this demo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to fill all slices with the same pattern or gradient, assign the pattern ID to [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/).[color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/#color).`fillId`. If you want to customize each slice individually, implement the [customizePoint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/#customizePoint) function as shown in this demo.
```

> Custom patterns and gradients are not exclusive to PieChart only. The following components support this functionality as well:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Custom patterns and gradients are not exclusive to PieChart only. The following components also support this functionality:
```
